ast: Fix confusing error output for redefinition of feature with type parameters (#5505)
tokiwa-software/fuzion: doc/ref_manual/fuzion_reference_manual.adoc

==== Redefining inherited features

=== Redefining formal arguments

> For redefined feaures, the number of formal value arguments as well as the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For redefined features, the number of formal value arguments as well as the
```

number of xref:fuzion_typeparameter[type parameters] must not change compared to the original feature,

> otherwise it would not be possible to perform dynamically bind and pass the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
otherwise it would not be possible to perform dynamic binding and pass the
```

[#fuzion_intrinsic]
((Intrinsic Feature)):: An _intrinsic feature_ is a xref:fuzion_feature[feature] declared using `=> intrinsic`.

[#fuzion_legal_covariant_this_type]
((Legal Covariant This Type)):: NYI
CAUTION: *NYI*: see `SourceModule.isLegalCovariantThisType`.

[#monomorphization]
((Monomorphization)):: Fuzion uses  _monomorphization_ at compile time to remove xref:fuzion_typeparameter[type parameters] by creating specialized versions of xref:fuzion_feature[features] with xref:fuzion_typeparameter[type parameters] for all possible xref:runtime_type[runtime types] for all xref:fuzion_typeparameter[type parameters].

[#fuzion_native]
((Native Feature)):: A _native feature_ is a xref:fuzion_feature[feature] declared using `=> native`.
CAUTION: *NYI*: Need more detail on native feature

[#fuzion_opentypeparameter]

> ((Open Type Parameter)): A _open type parameter_ is a xref:fuzion_typeparameter[type parameters] whose declaration is folled by three dots as in `A type ...`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
((Open Type Parameter)): An _open type parameter_ is a xref:fuzion_typeparameter[type parameters] whose declaration is followed by three dots as in `A type ...`.
```

corresponding xref:fuzion_actual_typeparameters[actual type parameters].  If the base has an xref:outer_feature[outer feature] that is
not the xref:universe[universe], the type has an xref:fuzion_outer_type[outer type].

[#fuzion_type_constraint]

> ((Type Constraint)):: A _type constraint_ is a type provided in the declaration of a xref:fuzion_typeparameter[type parameter] folling a colon, e.g., `A type : b` which places the constraint `b` on xref:fuzion_typeparameter[type parameter] `A`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
((Type Constraint)):: A _type constraint_ is a type provided in the declaration of a xref:fuzion_typeparameter[type parameter] following a colon, e.g., `A type : b` which places the constraint `b` on xref:fuzion_typeparameter[type parameter] `A`.
```
